[minecraft-server] New module (#1245)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/900-minecraft-server/docs/CONFIGURATION.md

---
title: "The minecraft-server module: configuration"
---

> This module is **disabled** by default. To enable it, add the following lines to the `deckhouse` ConfigMap:

Reviewer: Why it is disabled? I think it should be a default UI.

> This module is **disabled** by default. To enable it, add the following lines to the `deckhouse` ConfigMap:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module does not require any configuration and is **disabled** by default. To enable it, add the following lines to the `deckhouse` ConfigMap:
```

> This module is **disabled** by default. To enable it, add the following lines to the `deckhouse` ConfigMap:
> ```
> data:
>   minecraftServerEnabled: "true"
> ```
> 
> ## Parameters
> 
> <!-- SCHEMA -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module does not require any configuration and is **disabled** by default. To enable it, add the following lines to the `deckhouse` ConfigMap:
```
data:
  minecraftServerEnabled: "true"
```

```

> ## Parameters
> 
> <!-- SCHEMA -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
